Do UG and DG for Undo/Redo implementation, and fix a few other smaller issues (#166)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

With `addToHistory(String command)`, `previousCommand()`, `nextCommand()` and `currentCommand()` implemented, a simple `setOnKeyPressed` under `CommandBox` class which checks
for user's input of arrow up (which calls previousCommand()) and arrow down (which calls nextCommand()) would suffice for GUI implementation.

### Undo/Redo Command

Each `Model` internally stores its undo and redo history as a (for `DeliveryModel`) `deliveryBookStateList` and `deliveryBookStatePointer`. There are corresponding analogs for `InventoryModel`.
Additionally, the following commands are implemented by `ModelsManager`.

* `ModelsManager#commit()` — Saves the current book states of all the `Model`s it contains in their history.
* `VersionedAddressBook#undo()` — Restores the previous book states from each `Model` from their history.
* `VersionedAddressBook#redo()` — Restores a all previously undone book states from every `Model`'s history.

> These operations are exposed in the `Models` interface as `Models#commit()`, `Models#commit()` and `Models#redo()` respectively.

Reviewer: You mean Models#undo for the second one?

Reviewer 2: Yes, good catch

</div>

The `redo` command does the opposite — it calls `Models#redo()`, which shifts the `inventoryBookStatePointer` and `deliveryBookStatePointer` once to the right, pointing to the previously undone state, and restores the inventoryBook and deliveryBook to that state.

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** If the current pointers are pointing to the latest state, then there are no undone AddressBook states to restore. The `redo` command uses `InventoryModel#canRedo()` and `DeliveryModel#canRedo()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather than attempting to perform the redo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** If the current pointers are pointing to the latest state, then there are no undone InventoryBook/ DeliveryBook states to restore. The `redo` command uses `InventoryModel#canRedo()` and `DeliveryModel#canRedo()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather than attempting to perform the redo.
```

Reviewer 2: Ah I feel like we'll never run out of these mistakes haha

Reviewer 2: I've made the relevant changes!

</div>

> Step 5. The user then decides to execute the command `list-i`. Commands that do not modify the address book, such as `list` and `find`, will usually not call `Models#commit()`, `Models#undo()` or `Models#redo()`. Thus, the `inventoryBookStateList` and `deliveryBookStateList` remain unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 5. The user then decides to execute the command `list-i`. Commands that do not modify the inventoryBook/ deliveryBook, such as `list` and `find`, will usually not call `Models#commit()`, `Models#undo()` or `Models#redo()`. Thus, the `inventoryBookStateList` and `deliveryBookStateList` remain unchanged.
```

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 items without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
3.  A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.
4.  Project should not cost any money.
5.  Should work on 32-bit and 64-bit environments.
6.  Should not take up more than 50 MB of disk space.

> 7.  Should not take up more than 250 MB of RAM.

Reviewer: I think 6 and 7 can be combined!

Reviewer 2: Can but they are different things so I don't see the harm in separating them

> 8.  Commands should receive a response within 1 second.

Reviewer: Wanna specify the commands? Maybe add delete these basic functionalities can be 1s. Then sort/ find can be 2s? Regardless of data size

Reviewer 2: ok sure

> 9.  The system is not required to change the physical inventory.

Reviewer: I dont really understand this though, is there a better way of rephrasing?

Reviewer 2: Physical inventory referring to the actual restaurant's inventory. meaning it won't actually clear all the items out or anything. Just to emphasize that this is a productivity tool, and not an actual product that physically manages your inventory

Reviewer: Would it be relevant? Because we know that this is a software and not hardware

Reviewer 2: I'll just remove it as well since it's quite nonsense

10. The data should be secured using a password.
11. Users should be able to get fluent with the syntax by their 10th usage.

> 12. The system should not provide functionality that breaks and local laws within a country it is distributed to.

Reviewer: Sounds iffy and seems like something that is googled and copy pasted hahah, shall we remove? I think quality > quantity

Reviewer 2: well you're not wrong about the googling 😆 . Yeap I'll just remove it

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 items without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
3.  A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.

> 4.  Project should not cost any money.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is relevant? Feels abit iffy to me

Reviewer 2: Budget is part of NFR because it is a constraint on the project. (Although from a quick google search, it is a bit debated, but the [top answer](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/164880/are-costs-part-of-the-requirements) here says it is

Reviewer: Quite curious about this as well. Maybe we should summon @AaronCQL ? Hi what do you think

5.  Should work on 32-bit and 64-bit environments.
6.  Should not take up more than 50 MB of disk space.
7.  Should not take up more than 250 MB of RAM.
8.  Commands should receive a response within 1 second.
9.  The system is not required to change the physical inventory.

> 10. The system should operate within a local network.

Reviewer: It doesn't need a network at all? Refer to number 14

Reviewer 2: Right yea that definitely needs to be removed. thanks for pointing out!

11. The data should be secured using a password.
12. Users should be able to get fluent with the syntax by their 10th usage.
13. The system should not provide functionality that breaks and local laws within a country it is distributed to.
14. The system should still be able to function without connection to a network.
15. The system should only be used by one user.
16. There should be enough RAM to store 100 states of the models for the Undo and Redo Commands.

> 17. There should be enough RAM to store 100 states of history of commands the user has entered.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure with myself either, but doesnt RAM depends on the user's device?

Reviewer 2: Yeah it does, but this is NFR so you're stating that the user should have this. Like it's the assumptions you're making about the system the program will run on

Reviewer: Frm my understanding NFR needs to be something that is within our control, but in this case its more like dependent on the user and not within our control. Maybe can be rephrased like: Storing 100 states of undo and redo command models should take up less than ... Kb?? What do you think

Reviewer 2: Ah I understand your concern, and yes the rephrasing is good. Will add it in
